Kajita sama                                                                                         
                                                                                                    
  Zenith-angle dependent Neutrino flux are put in the file                                          
'c2s5090.kamflx.data' with 20 members. Each member has the name of                                  
'kam' + (M) + number, where the number represents the lager end                                     
of cos(zenith) bin multiplied by factor 10 and (M) statns for minus sign.                           
For example, member kam09 contains the flux of 0.8 < cos(z) < 0.9 and                               
kamm08 -0.9 < cos(z) < -0.8.                                                                        
                                                                                                    
  In the member file first column represent the enegy of neutrinos, and in                          
the followint four columns mu-nu, anti-mu-nu, e-nu, and anti-e-nu fluxes are                        
given in integral form in this order. The next four columns show the                                
differential fluxes of neutrinos AT THE ENERGY in the same order.                                   
The rest are ratios of fluxes which can be calculated from the fluxes.                              
In our method we calculate the integral flux first, then approximate it                             
by 3rd order spline function. The differential flux is obtained by      .                           
differentiating the spline function.                                                                
                                                                                                    
  I beleave this method is the best way to get the differntial flux.                                
Actually when we use the flux calculated by others, we do the same procedure                        
as explaned in the above.                                                                           
                                                                                                    
Don't hesitate to ask me if you have any questions.                                                 
                                                                                                    
M.Honda                                                                                             
